Added/Improved Intros for the Map Topics (#6887)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/learning-about-github/index.md

---
title: Learning about GitHub

> intro: 'Learn more about the features and products of {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} that integrates into your software management process and helps to collaborate with other people.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'Learn how you can use {% data variables.product.company_short %} products to improve your software management process and collaborate with other people.'
```
